update change doc (#623)
microsoft/qlib: README.md

**Here are some 
[code standards](docs/developer/code_standard.rst) when you submit a pull request.**

> If you want to modify the qlib document, you can follow the following figure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute to Qlib's document, you can follow the steps in the figure below.
```

**Here are some 
[code standards](docs/developer/code_standard.rst) when you submit a pull request.**

> If you want to modify the qlib document, you can follow the following figure.

Reviewer: You don't have to post such a big image.
You can use a smaller figure.

For example, such size is more reasonable.  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/465606/134899467-8bf6b78c-484d-44f0-9090-671570635091.png)

> https://github.com/demon143/qlib/blob/main/docs/_static/img/change%20doc.gif

Reviewer: You can embed a URL from the official repo instead of your personal one.

Reviewer: For example

This can display the image directly instead of forcing users to click the link
```
<p align="center">
  <img src="http://fintech.msra.cn/images_v060/logo/1.png" />
</p>
```
